| **Statistical Analyses	|  IV(s)  |  IV type(s) |  DV(s)  |  DV type(s)  |  Control Var | Control Var type  | Question to be answered | _H0_ | alpha | link to paper **| 
|:----------:|:----------|:------------|:-------------|:-------------|:------------|:------------- |:------------------|:----:|:-------:|:-------|
Chi-square test	| 1, Vertebral situation | ordinal | 1, Proportion of aggressive horses| Numeric | 2, activities and housing conditions | categorical | 	In horses, aggression towards humans (a common source of accidents for professionals) could be linked to regularly reported vertebral problems of riding horses. | Horses with different Vertebral situations have similar Proportions of aggressive horses. | 0.05 | [Partners with Bad Temper: Reject or Cure? A Study of Chronic Pain and Aggression in Horses](http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0012434) |
Multiple regression	|  8, No. of suicide films (total), No. of suicide films (%), Suicide film rating, Genre: Film noir, Milieu drama, Genre: Fantasy, Sci-Fi, Genre: Adventure, Western, Genre: Tragicomedy, Tragedy, Melodrama, Genre: Thriller, Horror| categorical, continuous | 4, Suicidal ideation, Depression, Life satisfaction, Psychoticism, respectively| continuous| 3, Sex, Age, Education | categorical, continuous| The study investigates that if film genre preference is associated with risk factors for suicide. | Film genre preferences have no influence on risk factors of suicide. | 0.05 | [Associations between Film Preferences and Risk Factors for Suicide: An Online Survey](http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0102293) |
Logistic regression	| 1, Source of dental knowledge| Categorical | 1, Oral health behavior| categorical | 1, gender| Categorical  | 	The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between the source of dental knowledge and oral health behavior in a group of students at a university in Japan. |The source of dental knowledge does not influence oral health behavior | 0.05 | [Associations between dental knowledge, source of dental knowledge and oral health behavior in Japanese university students: A cross-sectional study](http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0179298) |
  |||||||||
